# SOME DESCRIPTIVE TITLE.
# Copyright (C) 2022, QGIS Contributors
# This file is distributed under the same license as the QGIS package.
# 
# Translators:
# josep constantí mata <iceberg.jcm@gmail.com>, 2015
msgid ""
msgstr ""
"Project-Id-Version: QGIS Website\n"
"Report-Msgid-Bugs-To: \n"
"POT-Creation-Date: 2022-11-17 19:05+0000\n"
"PO-Revision-Date: 2013-09-17 13:24+0000\n"
"Last-Translator: josep constantí mata <iceberg.jcm@gmail.com>, 2015\n"
"Language-Team: Catalan (http://www.transifex.com/qgis/qgis-website/language/ca/)\n"
"MIME-Version: 1.0\n"
"Content-Type: text/plain; charset=UTF-8\n"
"Content-Transfer-Encoding: 8bit\n"
"Generated-By: Babel 2.11.0\n"
"Language: ca\n"
"Plural-Forms: nplurals=2; plural=(n != 1);\n"

#: ../../source/site/getinvolved/governance/developer_meetings/reimbursements.rst:2
msgid "Reimbursements for Developer Meetings"
msgstr "Remborsaments per trobades de desenvolupadors"

#: ../../source/site/getinvolved/governance/developer_meetings/reimbursements.rst:4
msgid ""
"The QGIS project holds twice-yearly developer meetings, typically somewhere "
"in Europe. The purpose of the meetings is to provide face-to-face time for "
"developers. It is a forum for presenting new ideas, planning, putting heads "
"together to solve problems and so on. We use funding from our "
":ref:`QGIS_sustaining_memberships` to facilitate the event, with co-funding "
"from the host who usually supplies the venue and the infrastructure for "
"hosting the meeting. Individual developers also co-fund the event by "
"donating their time and in many cases financially supporting their visit to "
"the meeting directly."
msgstr ""

#: ../../source/site/getinvolved/governance/developer_meetings/reimbursements.rst:14
msgid "Need a refund for QGIS HF expenses?"
msgstr "Us cal un reemborsament per les despeses de la HackFest QGIS?"

#: ../../source/site/getinvolved/governance/developer_meetings/reimbursements.rst:16
msgid ""
"If you are a contributor to the project (to either code, documentation, "
"translation, or infrastructure), you think your participation to the HF will"
" be useful for the project, and you do not have funds to cover for "
"travelling and lodging, you can `apply for refund "
"<https://goo.gl/forms/YKm5fo7ll5GfQEJI3>`_, at least 40 days in advance"
msgstr ""

#: ../../source/site/getinvolved/governance/developer_meetings/reimbursements.rst:20
msgid ""
"When applying, please let us know (i) an estimate of the total amount "
"required, and (ii) how your participation will contribute to QGIS"
msgstr "Quan sol·liciteu reemborsament, feu-nos saber (i) una quantitat estimada de la xifra total demanada i (ii) com contribuirà la vostra participació a QGIS"

#: ../../source/site/getinvolved/governance/developer_meetings/reimbursements.rst:22
msgid ""
"Later applications (<40 days) will be taken into account, based on the "
"budget available and the priorities of the PSC"
msgstr "Les darreres sol·licituds (<40 dies) es tindran en compte segons el pressupost disponible i les prioritats del PSC"

#: ../../source/site/getinvolved/governance/developer_meetings/reimbursements.rst:24
msgid ""
"Please note that our funds are limited, so we'll generally not be able to "
"refund all participants"
msgstr "Tingues present que els nostres fons són limitats, generalment no podrem reemborsar a tots el participants "

#: ../../source/site/getinvolved/governance/developer_meetings/reimbursements.rst:26
msgid ""
"Core devs (anyone with direct commit rights to the repository) and psc "
"members will have priority on the allocation of funds"
msgstr "Els desenvolupadors principals (tots amb amb drets d'actualització del repositori) i els membres del psc tenen prioritat en la distribució dels fons"

#: ../../source/site/getinvolved/governance/developer_meetings/reimbursements.rst:28
msgid ""
"At least 30 days in advance, PSC will communicate a decision to all those "
"who applied"
msgstr "Com a mínim 30 dies abans el PSC comunicarà una decisió a tothom qui hagi demanat  remborsament"

#: ../../source/site/getinvolved/governance/developer_meetings/reimbursements.rst:29
msgid ""
"The refund will be sent to your bank account after the HF, on the basis of "
"the bills actually paid and sent to our Treasurer."
msgstr "El reemborsament s'enviarà al vostre compte bancari després de la HackFest, en base a les factures ja pagades i enviades al nostre tresorer."

#: ../../source/site/getinvolved/governance/developer_meetings/reimbursements.rst:33
msgid "In case of doubt"
msgstr "Cas de dubte"

#: ../../source/site/getinvolved/governance/developer_meetings/reimbursements.rst:35
msgid ""
"The project steering committee shall provide arbitration for any query, "
"complaint or appeal relating to funding requests by individual developers. "
"In the event that the PSC is called apon to arbitrate, a resolution shall be"
" proposed and the PSC members shall vote using the -1 / 0 / +1 system to "
"indicate dissent, indifference and assent respectively. In the event of a "
"tie-break, the PSC Chairman shall make the final decision. The decision made"
" by the PSC shall be final."
msgstr ""

#: ../../<rst_epilog>:2
msgid "checkbox"
msgstr ""

#: ../../<rst_epilog>:3
msgid "checkbox_unchecked"
msgstr ""
