# 
# Translators:
# tneskovic <antoine_ecuador@yahoo.fr>, 2014
# Guy BARA <bara.guy@gmail.com>, 2014
# Harrissou Sant-anna, 2013
# MarieSilvestre, 2014-2015,2020
# Médéric RIBREUX <mederic.ribreux__translate@medspx.fr>, 2015
# Harrissou Sant-anna, 2014-2016
msgid ""
msgstr ""
"Project-Id-Version: QGIS Website\n"
"Report-Msgid-Bugs-To: \n"
"POT-Creation-Date: 2022-06-30 05:04+0200\n"
"PO-Revision-Date: 2013-09-17 13:24+0000\n"
"Last-Translator: MarieSilvestre, 2014-2015,2020\n"
"Language-Team: French (http://www.transifex.com/qgis/qgis-website/language/fr/)\n"
"MIME-Version: 1.0\n"
"Content-Type: text/plain; charset=UTF-8\n"
"Content-Transfer-Encoding: 8bit\n"
"Generated-By: Babel 2.10.1\n"
"Language: fr\n"
"Plural-Forms: nplurals=3; plural=(n == 0 || n == 1) ? 0 : n != 0 && n % 1000000 == 0 ? 1 : 2;\n"

#: ../../source/site/getinvolved/governance/developer_meetings/reimbursements.rst:2
msgid "Reimbursements for Developer Meetings"
msgstr "Remboursements lors des Rencontres Développeurs"

#: ../../source/site/getinvolved/governance/developer_meetings/reimbursements.rst:4
msgid ""
"The QGIS project holds twice-yearly developer meetings, typically somewhere "
"in Europe. The purpose of the meetings is to provide face-to-face time for "
"developers. It is a forum for presenting new ideas, planning, putting heads "
"together to solve problems and so on. We use funding from our "
":ref:`QGIS_sustaining_memberships` to facilitate the event, with co-funding "
"from the host who usually supplies the venue and the infrastructure for "
"hosting the meeting. Individual developers also co-fund the event by "
"donating their time and in many cases financially supporting their visit to "
"the meeting directly."
msgstr "Le projet QGIS tient des réunions deux fois par an, généralement en Europe. Le but de ces réunions est de permettre aux développeurs de se rencontrer de visu. C'est un forum qui permet de présenter de nouvelles idées, de s'organiser, de réfléchir tous ensemble à la résolution de problèmes, etc. Nous utilisons les fonds de nos :ref:`QGIS_sustaining_memberships` pour organiser l'évènement ainsi que le co-financement des hôtes qui assurent généralement l’infrastructure pour les réunions. Les développeurs cofinancent également l'évènement en donnant de leur temps et dans la plupart des cas en payant leur voyage directement."

#: ../../source/site/getinvolved/governance/developer_meetings/reimbursements.rst:14
msgid "Need a refund for QGIS HF expenses?"
msgstr "Besoin de remboursement pour les dépenses du HackFest?"

#: ../../source/site/getinvolved/governance/developer_meetings/reimbursements.rst:16
msgid ""
"If you are a contributor to the project (to either code, documentation, "
"translation, or infrastructure), you think your participation to the HF will"
" be useful for the project, and you do not have funds to cover for "
"travelling and lodging, you can `apply for refund "
"<https://goo.gl/forms/YKm5fo7ll5GfQEJI3>`_, at least 40 days in advance"
msgstr "Si vous êtes un contributeur du projet (soit via le code, la documentation, la traduction ou l'infrastructure), que vous pensez que votre participation au HackFest sera utile au projet et que vous n'avez pas suffisamment de fonds pour couvrir le voyage et le logement, vous pouvez `postuler pour une demande de remboursement <https://goo.gl/forms/YKm5fo7ll5GfQEJI3>`_ et ce, au moins 40 jours à l'avance."

#: ../../source/site/getinvolved/governance/developer_meetings/reimbursements.rst:20
msgid ""
"When applying, please let us know (i) an estimate of the total amount "
"required, and (ii) how your participation will contribute to QGIS"
msgstr "Lorsque vous faites une demande, merci de (i) nous faire connaître une estimation du montant total que vous souhaitez obtenir et (ii) également comment votre participation permettra de contribuer à QGIS."

#: ../../source/site/getinvolved/governance/developer_meetings/reimbursements.rst:22
msgid ""
"Later applications (<40 days) will be taken into account, based on the "
"budget available and the priorities of the PSC"
msgstr "Les demandes tardives (< 40 jours) seront prises en compte en se basant sur le budget disponible et sur les priorités du PSC."

#: ../../source/site/getinvolved/governance/developer_meetings/reimbursements.rst:24
msgid ""
"Please note that our funds are limited, so we'll generally not be able to "
"refund all participants"
msgstr "Merci de prendre note que nos fonds sont limités et nous serons généralement incapables de rembourser tous les participants."

#: ../../source/site/getinvolved/governance/developer_meetings/reimbursements.rst:26
msgid ""
"Core devs (anyone with direct commit rights to the repository) and psc "
"members will have priority on the allocation of funds"
msgstr "Les développeurs du coeur de code (toute personne disposant des droits de commit dans le dépôt de code) et les membres du PSC auront priorité dans l'allocation des fonds."

#: ../../source/site/getinvolved/governance/developer_meetings/reimbursements.rst:28
msgid ""
"At least 30 days in advance, PSC will communicate a decision to all those "
"who applied"
msgstr "Au moins 30 jours à l'avance, le PSC communiquera sa décision à toutes les personnes ayant fait une demande."

#: ../../source/site/getinvolved/governance/developer_meetings/reimbursements.rst:29
msgid ""
"The refund will be sent to your bank account after the HF, on the basis of "
"the bills actually paid and sent to our Treasurer."
msgstr "Le remboursement sera envoyé sur votre compte bancaire après le HackFest sur la base des factures réellement payées et envoyées à notre trésorier."

#: ../../source/site/getinvolved/governance/developer_meetings/reimbursements.rst:33
msgid "In case of doubt"
msgstr "En cas de doute"

#: ../../source/site/getinvolved/governance/developer_meetings/reimbursements.rst:35
msgid ""
"The project steering committee shall provide arbitration for any query, "
"complaint or appeal relating to funding requests by individual developers. "
"In the event that the PSC is called apon to arbitrate, a resolution shall be"
" proposed and the PSC members shall vote using the -1 / 0 / +1 system to "
"indicate dissent, indifference and assent respectively. In the event of a "
"tie-break, the PSC Chairman shall make the final decision. The decision made"
" by the PSC shall be final."
msgstr "Le comité de pilotage arbitrera chaque requête ou plainte concernant le remboursement des frais pour les développeurs individuels. Si le comité de pilotage doit arbitrer, il proposera un arbitrage et chacun des membres votera en utilisant le système -1 / 0 / +1 pour signifier respectivement son désaccord, son indifférence ou son accord. En cas d'égalité, le président du comité prendra la décision finale. La décision prise par le comité de pilotage est ensuite sans appel."

#: ../../<rst_epilog>:2
msgid "checkbox"
msgstr "checkbox"

#: ../../<rst_epilog>:3
msgid "checkbox_unchecked"
msgstr ""

#~ msgid ""
#~ "The project steering committee shall provide arbitration for any query, "
#~ "complaint or appeal relating to funding requests by individual developers. "
#~ "In the event that the PSC is called apon to arbitrate, a resolution shall be"
#~ " proposed and the PSC members shall vote using the -1 / 0 / +1 system to "
#~ "indicate dissent, indifference and assent respectively. In the event of a "
#~ "tie-break, the PSC Chairman shall make the final decision. The devision made"
#~ " by the PSC shall be final."
#~ msgstr ""

#~ msgid ""
#~ "1.If you are a contributor to the project (to either code, documentation, "
#~ "translation, or infrastructure), you think your participation to the HF will"
#~ " be useful for the project, and you do not have funds to cover for "
#~ "travelling and lodging, you can apply for refund, at least 40 days in "
#~ "advance 2. When applying, please let us know (i) an estimate of the total "
#~ "amount required, and (ii) how your participation will contribute to QGIS 3. "
#~ "Later applications (<40 days) will be taken into account, based on the "
#~ "budget available and the priorities of the PSC 4. Please note that our funds"
#~ " are limited, so we'll generally not be able to refund all participants 5. "
#~ "Core devs (anyone with direct commit rights to the repository') and psc "
#~ "members will have priority on the allocation of funds 6. At least 30 days in"
#~ " advance, PSC will communicate a decision to all those who applied 7. The "
#~ "refund will be sent to your bank account after the HF, on the basis of the "
#~ "bills actually paid and sent to our Treasurer."
#~ msgstr ""

#~ msgid ""
#~ "In the past, the policy was that funding will only be directly provided to "
#~ "'core' committers and community members of the project. However with "
#~ "increased funding through donations and our sponsorship programme, and a "
#~ "desire to promote new developers to get involved in the project, this policy"
#~ " has been updated as described below."
#~ msgstr ""

#~ msgid ""
#~ "The term 'developer' in this document refers to any person who contributes "
#~ "time and effort to the advancement of the project (e.g. through "
#~ "documentation, infrastructure maintenance, coding, administration etc.)"
#~ msgstr ""

#~ msgid "Policy for disbursement of funds to individual developers"
#~ msgstr ""

#~ msgid ""
#~ "Individual applications from non-core developers (i.e. those who do not have"
#~ " direct commit access to the QGIS repositories) of EUR200 or less may be "
#~ "decided on by the nominated PSC member without requiring a full PSC vote."
#~ msgstr ""

#~ msgid ""
#~ "Individual applications from core-developers may be granted based on "
#~ "precident directly by the PSC Financial Representative (Paolo Cavallini). In"
#~ " the event of any uncertainty on his part, he may bring the matter to the "
#~ "PSC for a vote."
#~ msgstr ""

#~ msgid "All funding requests should be made **before** the meeting event."
#~ msgstr ""

#~ msgid ""
#~ "Funding may be limited due to budgetary constraints, in which case funding "
#~ "will be provided on a first-come first-served basis."
#~ msgstr ""

#~ msgid ""
#~ "The PSC / PSC Finance Chair may offer to provide partial funding where "
#~ "funding resources are limited."
#~ msgstr ""

#~ msgid ""
#~ "The PSC Financial Chair shall maintain complete financial records of what "
#~ "disbursements were made and to whom and these should be available on request"
#~ " to the PSC."
#~ msgstr ""

#~ msgid "Procedure for funding applications - core developers"
#~ msgstr ""

#~ msgid ""
#~ "A request for funding email should be submitted to the PSC Financial Chair "
#~ "before the event."
#~ msgstr ""

#~ msgid ""
#~ "The request should include the number of days that the developer will "
#~ "attend."
#~ msgstr ""

#~ msgid ""
#~ "The request should include an expense breakdown covering travel and "
#~ "accommodation."
#~ msgstr ""

#~ msgid "Procedure for funding applications - new developers"
#~ msgstr ""

#~ msgid ""
#~ "A request for funding email should be submitted to the PSC Member designated"
#~ " to review funding requests **before** the meeting."
#~ msgstr ""

#~ msgid ""
#~ "If the requestor is not happy with the funding requests reviewer's decision,"
#~ " they may request arbitration from the PSC as a whole."
#~ msgstr ""

#~ msgid ""
#~ "The request should include a **workplan** outlining how the developer plans "
#~ "to make use of their time at the meeting."
#~ msgstr ""

#~ msgid ""
#~ "The requestor should provide copies of receipts for all expenditures as soon"
#~ " as possible after the event. No refunds should be made without accompanying"
#~ " receipts."
#~ msgstr ""

#~ msgid ""
#~ "The Quantum GIS project holds twice-yearly developer meetings, typically "
#~ "somewhere in Europe. The purpose of the meetings is to provide face-to-face "
#~ "time for developers. It is a forum for presenting new ideas, planning, "
#~ "putting heads together to solve problems and so on. We use funding from our "
#~ ":doc:`../sponsorship/index` to facilitate the event, with co-funding from "
#~ "the host who usually supplies the venue and the infrastructure for hosting "
#~ "the meeting. Individual developers also co-fund the event by donating their "
#~ "time and in many cases financially supporting their visit to the meeting "
#~ "directly."
#~ msgstr ""

#~ msgid ""
#~ "The requestor should provide copies of reciepts for all expenditures as soon"
#~ " as possible after the event. No refunds should be made without accompanying"
#~ " receipts."
#~ msgstr ""

#~ msgid ""
#~ "The QGIS project holds twice-yearly developer meetings, typically somewhere "
#~ "in Europe. The purpose of the meetings is to provide face-to-face time for "
#~ "developers. It is a forum for presenting new ideas, planning, putting heads "
#~ "together to solve problems and so on. We use funding from our "
#~ ":doc:`../sponsorship/index` to facilitate the event, with co-funding from "
#~ "the host who usually supplies the venue and the infrastructure for hosting "
#~ "the meeting. Individual developers also co-fund the event by donating their "
#~ "time and in many cases financially supporting their visit to the meeting "
#~ "directly."
#~ msgstr ""

#~ msgid ""
#~ "If you are a contributor to the project (to either code, documentation, "
#~ "translation, or infrastructure), you think your participation to the HF will"
#~ " be useful for the project, and you do not have funds to cover for "
#~ "travelling and lodging, you can apply for refund, at least 40 days in "
#~ "advance"
#~ msgstr ""
