# 
# Translators:
# Sorin Călinică <scalinica@gmail.com>, 2013-2015,2019
msgid ""
msgstr ""
"Project-Id-Version: QGIS Website\n"
"Report-Msgid-Bugs-To: \n"
"POT-Creation-Date: 2022-06-30 05:04+0200\n"
"PO-Revision-Date: 2013-09-17 13:24+0000\n"
"Last-Translator: Sorin Călinică <scalinica@gmail.com>, 2013-2015,2019\n"
"Language-Team: Romanian (http://www.transifex.com/qgis/qgis-website/language/ro/)\n"
"MIME-Version: 1.0\n"
"Content-Type: text/plain; charset=UTF-8\n"
"Content-Transfer-Encoding: 8bit\n"
"Generated-By: Babel 2.10.1\n"
"Language: ro\n"
"Plural-Forms: nplurals=3; plural=(n==1?0:(((n%100>19)||((n%100==0)&&(n!=0)))?2:1));\n"

#: ../../source/site/getinvolved/governance/developer_meetings/reimbursements.rst:2
msgid "Reimbursements for Developer Meetings"
msgstr "Rambursările de la Întâlnirile Dezvoltatorilor"

#: ../../source/site/getinvolved/governance/developer_meetings/reimbursements.rst:4
msgid ""
"The QGIS project holds twice-yearly developer meetings, typically somewhere "
"in Europe. The purpose of the meetings is to provide face-to-face time for "
"developers. It is a forum for presenting new ideas, planning, putting heads "
"together to solve problems and so on. We use funding from our "
":ref:`QGIS_sustaining_memberships` to facilitate the event, with co-funding "
"from the host who usually supplies the venue and the infrastructure for "
"hosting the meeting. Individual developers also co-fund the event by "
"donating their time and in many cases financially supporting their visit to "
"the meeting directly."
msgstr "Proiectul QGIS organizează întâlniri bianuale ale dezvoltatorilor, de obicei, undeva în Europa. Scopul acestor reuniuni este de a oferi timp dezvoltatorilor să stea față-în-față. Acesta este un forum pentru prezentarea de idei noi, planificare, gânditul în comun pentru a rezolva problemele și așa mai departe. Folosim fondurile enumerate în :ref:`QGIS_sustaining_memberships` pentru a facilita organizarea evenimentului, cu cofinanțare din partea gazdei, care pune la dispoziție, de obicei, locul de desfășurare și infrastructura de găzduire a reuniunii... Dezvoltatorii individuali, de asemenea, cofinanțează evenimentul prin efectuarea de prestații pentru un anumit timp și, în multe cazuri, plătindu-și direct participarea la reuniune."

#: ../../source/site/getinvolved/governance/developer_meetings/reimbursements.rst:14
msgid "Need a refund for QGIS HF expenses?"
msgstr "Aveți nevoie de o rambursare a cheltuielilor QGIS HF?"

#: ../../source/site/getinvolved/governance/developer_meetings/reimbursements.rst:16
msgid ""
"If you are a contributor to the project (to either code, documentation, "
"translation, or infrastructure), you think your participation to the HF will"
" be useful for the project, and you do not have funds to cover for "
"travelling and lodging, you can `apply for refund "
"<https://goo.gl/forms/YKm5fo7ll5GfQEJI3>`_, at least 40 days in advance"
msgstr "Dacă sunteți un contribuitor la proiect (la codificare, documentare, traducere, sau infrastructură)  și considerați că propria participare la HF va fi utilă proiectului, însă nu dispuneți de fonduri pentru a vă acoperi cheltuielile de călătorie și cazare, atunci puteți `aplica pentru rambursare <https://goo.gl/forms/YKm5fo7ll5GfQEJI3>`_, cu cel puțin 40 de zile în avans"

#: ../../source/site/getinvolved/governance/developer_meetings/reimbursements.rst:20
msgid ""
"When applying, please let us know (i) an estimate of the total amount "
"required, and (ii) how your participation will contribute to QGIS"
msgstr "La momentul aplicării, vă rugăm să ne transmiteți (i) o estimare a valorii totale necesare, și (ii) informații referitoare la modul în care participarea dumneavoastră va contribui la QGIS"

#: ../../source/site/getinvolved/governance/developer_meetings/reimbursements.rst:22
msgid ""
"Later applications (<40 days) will be taken into account, based on the "
"budget available and the priorities of the PSC"
msgstr "Aplicațiile târzii (<40 de zile), vor fi luate în considerare în funcție de bugetul disponibil și deprioritățile PSC"

#: ../../source/site/getinvolved/governance/developer_meetings/reimbursements.rst:24
msgid ""
"Please note that our funds are limited, so we'll generally not be able to "
"refund all participants"
msgstr "Vă rugăm să rețineți că fondurile noastre sunt limitate, astfel încât, în general, nu suntem în măsură să rambursăm cheltuielile pentru toți aplicanții"

#: ../../source/site/getinvolved/governance/developer_meetings/reimbursements.rst:26
msgid ""
"Core devs (anyone with direct commit rights to the repository) and psc "
"members will have priority on the allocation of funds"
msgstr "Dezvoltatorii de bază (oricare dintre cei care au drepturi de scriere în depozit), precum și membrii PSC vor avea prioritate la alocarea de fonduri"

#: ../../source/site/getinvolved/governance/developer_meetings/reimbursements.rst:28
msgid ""
"At least 30 days in advance, PSC will communicate a decision to all those "
"who applied"
msgstr "Cu cel puțin 30 de zile în avans, PSC va comunica o decizie tuturor celor care au aplicat"

#: ../../source/site/getinvolved/governance/developer_meetings/reimbursements.rst:29
msgid ""
"The refund will be sent to your bank account after the HF, on the basis of "
"the bills actually paid and sent to our Treasurer."
msgstr "Rambursările vor fi transmise în contul dvs. bancar după HF, pe baza facturilor plătite efectiv și trimise Trezorierului nostru."

#: ../../source/site/getinvolved/governance/developer_meetings/reimbursements.rst:33
msgid "In case of doubt"
msgstr "În caz de incertitudine"

#: ../../source/site/getinvolved/governance/developer_meetings/reimbursements.rst:35
msgid ""
"The project steering committee shall provide arbitration for any query, "
"complaint or appeal relating to funding requests by individual developers. "
"In the event that the PSC is called apon to arbitrate, a resolution shall be"
" proposed and the PSC members shall vote using the -1 / 0 / +1 system to "
"indicate dissent, indifference and assent respectively. In the event of a "
"tie-break, the PSC Chairman shall make the final decision. The decision made"
" by the PSC shall be final."
msgstr "Comitetul director al proiectului asigură arbitraj pentru orice cerere, plângere sau apel cu privire la cererile de finanțare ale dezvoltatorilor individuali. În cazul în care are loc un arbitraj, se va propune o rezoluție, pe care membrii PSC o vor vota folosind sistemul de -1 / 0 / +1 pentru a indica dezaprobarea, indiferența și, respectiv, avizul conform. În caz de egalitate, Președintele PSC va lua decizia finală. Decizia PSC este definitivă."

#: ../../<rst_epilog>:2
msgid "checkbox"
msgstr "checkbox"

#: ../../<rst_epilog>:3
msgid "checkbox_unchecked"
msgstr "checkbox_unchecked"

#~ msgid ""
#~ "The project steering committee shall provide arbitration for any query, "
#~ "complaint or appeal relating to funding requests by individual developers. "
#~ "In the event that the PSC is called apon to arbitrate, a resolution shall be"
#~ " proposed and the PSC members shall vote using the -1 / 0 / +1 system to "
#~ "indicate dissent, indifference and assent respectively. In the event of a "
#~ "tie-break, the PSC Chairman shall make the final decision. The devision made"
#~ " by the PSC shall be final."
#~ msgstr ""

#~ msgid ""
#~ "1.If you are a contributor to the project (to either code, documentation, "
#~ "translation, or infrastructure), you think your participation to the HF will"
#~ " be useful for the project, and you do not have funds to cover for "
#~ "travelling and lodging, you can apply for refund, at least 40 days in "
#~ "advance 2. When applying, please let us know (i) an estimate of the total "
#~ "amount required, and (ii) how your participation will contribute to QGIS 3. "
#~ "Later applications (<40 days) will be taken into account, based on the "
#~ "budget available and the priorities of the PSC 4. Please note that our funds"
#~ " are limited, so we'll generally not be able to refund all participants 5. "
#~ "Core devs (anyone with direct commit rights to the repository') and psc "
#~ "members will have priority on the allocation of funds 6. At least 30 days in"
#~ " advance, PSC will communicate a decision to all those who applied 7. The "
#~ "refund will be sent to your bank account after the HF, on the basis of the "
#~ "bills actually paid and sent to our Treasurer."
#~ msgstr ""

#~ msgid ""
#~ "In the past, the policy was that funding will only be directly provided to "
#~ "'core' committers and community members of the project. However with "
#~ "increased funding through donations and our sponsorship programme, and a "
#~ "desire to promote new developers to get involved in the project, this policy"
#~ " has been updated as described below."
#~ msgstr ""

#~ msgid ""
#~ "The term 'developer' in this document refers to any person who contributes "
#~ "time and effort to the advancement of the project (e.g. through "
#~ "documentation, infrastructure maintenance, coding, administration etc.)"
#~ msgstr ""

#~ msgid "Policy for disbursement of funds to individual developers"
#~ msgstr ""

#~ msgid ""
#~ "Individual applications from non-core developers (i.e. those who do not have"
#~ " direct commit access to the QGIS repositories) of EUR200 or less may be "
#~ "decided on by the nominated PSC member without requiring a full PSC vote."
#~ msgstr ""

#~ msgid ""
#~ "Individual applications from core-developers may be granted based on "
#~ "precident directly by the PSC Financial Representative (Paolo Cavallini). In"
#~ " the event of any uncertainty on his part, he may bring the matter to the "
#~ "PSC for a vote."
#~ msgstr ""

#~ msgid "All funding requests should be made **before** the meeting event."
#~ msgstr ""

#~ msgid ""
#~ "Funding may be limited due to budgetary constraints, in which case funding "
#~ "will be provided on a first-come first-served basis."
#~ msgstr ""

#~ msgid ""
#~ "The PSC / PSC Finance Chair may offer to provide partial funding where "
#~ "funding resources are limited."
#~ msgstr ""

#~ msgid ""
#~ "The PSC Financial Chair shall maintain complete financial records of what "
#~ "disbursements were made and to whom and these should be available on request"
#~ " to the PSC."
#~ msgstr ""

#~ msgid "Procedure for funding applications - core developers"
#~ msgstr ""

#~ msgid ""
#~ "A request for funding email should be submitted to the PSC Financial Chair "
#~ "before the event."
#~ msgstr ""

#~ msgid ""
#~ "The request should include the number of days that the developer will "
#~ "attend."
#~ msgstr ""

#~ msgid ""
#~ "The request should include an expense breakdown covering travel and "
#~ "accommodation."
#~ msgstr ""

#~ msgid "Procedure for funding applications - new developers"
#~ msgstr ""

#~ msgid ""
#~ "A request for funding email should be submitted to the PSC Member designated"
#~ " to review funding requests **before** the meeting."
#~ msgstr ""

#~ msgid ""
#~ "If the requestor is not happy with the funding requests reviewer's decision,"
#~ " they may request arbitration from the PSC as a whole."
#~ msgstr ""

#~ msgid ""
#~ "The request should include a **workplan** outlining how the developer plans "
#~ "to make use of their time at the meeting."
#~ msgstr ""

#~ msgid ""
#~ "The requestor should provide copies of receipts for all expenditures as soon"
#~ " as possible after the event. No refunds should be made without accompanying"
#~ " receipts."
#~ msgstr ""

#~ msgid ""
#~ "The Quantum GIS project holds twice-yearly developer meetings, typically "
#~ "somewhere in Europe. The purpose of the meetings is to provide face-to-face "
#~ "time for developers. It is a forum for presenting new ideas, planning, "
#~ "putting heads together to solve problems and so on. We use funding from our "
#~ ":doc:`../sponsorship/index` to facilitate the event, with co-funding from "
#~ "the host who usually supplies the venue and the infrastructure for hosting "
#~ "the meeting. Individual developers also co-fund the event by donating their "
#~ "time and in many cases financially supporting their visit to the meeting "
#~ "directly."
#~ msgstr ""

#~ msgid ""
#~ "The requestor should provide copies of reciepts for all expenditures as soon"
#~ " as possible after the event. No refunds should be made without accompanying"
#~ " receipts."
#~ msgstr ""

#~ msgid ""
#~ "The QGIS project holds twice-yearly developer meetings, typically somewhere "
#~ "in Europe. The purpose of the meetings is to provide face-to-face time for "
#~ "developers. It is a forum for presenting new ideas, planning, putting heads "
#~ "together to solve problems and so on. We use funding from our "
#~ ":doc:`../sponsorship/index` to facilitate the event, with co-funding from "
#~ "the host who usually supplies the venue and the infrastructure for hosting "
#~ "the meeting. Individual developers also co-fund the event by donating their "
#~ "time and in many cases financially supporting their visit to the meeting "
#~ "directly."
#~ msgstr ""

#~ msgid ""
#~ "If you are a contributor to the project (to either code, documentation, "
#~ "translation, or infrastructure), you think your participation to the HF will"
#~ " be useful for the project, and you do not have funds to cover for "
#~ "travelling and lodging, you can apply for refund, at least 40 days in "
#~ "advance"
#~ msgstr ""
